[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Our resident
angel lady, Belinda Womack,
is back with us once again.
Her angels and Ascended
Masters know this gig with me
pretty well, so they decided to
suggest we speak about a couple
of things that they believe
could be helpful for us all.
So normally, it's a
little free for all.
I just kind of get in
my head and think, oh,
I want to know about this,
and want to know about that.
But this time, they actually
told you, knocked on you
and said, could you please
write this down and send these
to Regina?
So it must be we need these
messages right now, right?
>> BELINDA WOMACK: The
best thing to do is just
to surrender, because
they usually know what--
they know what we need.
>> REGINA: They do.
And not only that, if I try
to ask them something else,
they're just going to tell
me these things anyway.
>> WOMACK: Likely so.
>> REGINA: Likely.
So Belinda, a lot of people
are experiencing a very intense
energy right now.
All around them, in their
lives, in their interactions,
in their workplace, we're being
bathed in a sea of something
rather intense.
And what I'm wondering is,
with all of your readings,
consultation sessions,
channelings, and so forth,
if you're starting to see some
kind of overarching themes
that are rising up among the
collective consciousness?
And just kind of tell us
a little bit about that,
and a little bit about what's
being said on those themes.
>> WOMACK: So Regina, I would
say that a common theme is that
human beings want to
know their purpose.
What's it all about?
Why am I here?
Why am "I" here, right?
Not why are we here,
but why am I here?
So that's definitely one thing.
And they really want
insight on how to serve.
And by service, I mean to share.
To share their own gifts
that they came in with.
Another theme that
is pretty consistent
is, how do I feel better
in my own human skin?
How do I not have
this crazy anxiety?
How do I feel
secure and confident
so that I can do what
I came here to do?
And then I would say,
hey, things are changing.
They're changing
all over the world.
I feel it.
I'm starting to feel
happy and hopeful,
and I've never felt that before.
What's that about?
Because we go back even a year
ago, most of what I heard was,
wow, I feel so afraid.
Everything feels so heavy.
It feels so dark.
What's happening?
Is the world coming to an end?
So if we just look at that,
in less than a year, at least
the people that I'm blessed
to help and work with,
what an amazing shift
in that feeling.
So I totally hear you
that it's intense.
It's really intense.
And what they say--
what the 12 Archangels.
Let me just introduce
them quickly.
They're beautiful colors.
What they say is surrender.
Don't fight it.
Go with the flow.
If you need something, if you
need something like confidence,
ask Source to fill
you up with it.
If you need love for yourself,
or tolerance and compassion
for someone else, ask
to be filled with it.
So they're really--
the 12 big guns,
like I call them, they're really
pushing us, plug into Source.
Plug into the energy
that where you come from,
and that what sustains you.
And what you're made out of.
>> REGINA: That's good advice,
and it's excellent advice.
And one of the things
about a system--
we're looking around, and
it seems that all systems
are breaking down.
External systems--
institutions and so forth--
are going through a
process of breaking down.
And really, I
think the flip side
of that is this
incredible liberation.
When you have the
system working,
you would do the normal things.
Your parents would
program you by sending you
to certain schools so you'd be
prepared for certain colleges,
so you'd be prepared
for a certain career.
And then when you got out, boom,
take your gap year or whatever,
take a couple months off.
And you plug in,
and there you are.
There's your life experience.
Your job's waiting for you.
In a world where no jobs are
really waiting for you, per se,
the freedom is that
there's never a better time
to do what you want to do,
because the other thing isn't
there for you anyway.
And that gets back to your
first point, which is, well,
what am I supposed to do?
What am I here to do?
And tell us, when people
ask this question, what
the angels have to say about
how a person can clearly
knowingly identify what
it is they are here to do?
>> WOMACK: Oh, Regina.
That answer is so simple,
what the angels say.
Because they always know.
I have to just be
honest, they always know.
So the way that I help
them is with a little bit
of sidereal astrology,
which is just
the more ancient astrology.
It's usually right there
in our natal blueprint.
And so I basically--
with the help of their guides
and angels-- connect the dots
and say, well, have
you considered?
Because with human
beings, you always
have to give them choice.
You cannot say to a
human being, oh, well,
you're here to do
blah blah blah.
Oh no.
Have you considered?
And then they're
like, Belinda, that's
exactly what I want to do.
So the heart knows.
And so to go with
what you were just
speaking about before, the
freedom, the increased freedom.
Opportunities being taken away.
New opportunities being
placed in front of us.
This is a time when
the soul and the heart
are guiding us more
than they ever have.
So of course the old
patriarchal systems
are just crumbling
left and right.
And so are our physical bodies.
We have to seek healers that
can actually help us these days.
But as far as why we are here,
and what we're called to do,
we know.
We know.
But what human beings
love is some validation.
>> REGINA: They love--
>> WOMACK: They love validation.
>> REGINA: We human beings
all love validation.
Including you, and
including me, right?
>> WOMACK: Absolutely, yes.
>> REGINA: And the thing is,
there becomes this conundrum
that happens with most people.
Yes, that is what I've
always wanted to do.
But I don't know how
to make money at it.
It always comes down to this
intertwined or ensnared notion
of survival with people.
And they think, but how do you
make money doing that thing
I love to do, and I'm good at?
And that seems to be the
cancer on the planet,
is that thought, that
entrapment, and that feeling.
And we could go on and on
about conspiracy theory and all
this other stuff as
to why it exists,
but it's existed for
a really long time.
But we have to find our
way out of that matrix
and still eat and have
a roof over our head.
>> WOMACK: Absolutely.
>> REGINA: And so how do they
guide people through this
process, when they
say, I want to do it,
but I'd have to quit my
day job, which I hate.
>> WOMACK: So the way that the
angels and guides approach this
is in a very grounded,
practical way.
They give steps.
They give the first few steps.
They help bring in a cohesive
plan for that individual
who, say, for example,
they've had a corporate job.
And now they want to
go and be a healer,
and have their own business.
So something that
the angels told me,
even 25 years ago or more
than that now when they first
drafted me, they said, Belinda,
start in your living room.
So they're very practical.
>> REGINA: Truly, they are.
>> WOMACK: They're not into, go
and rent a $5,000 office space.
No, what can you do right here?
Because it's really about
building confidence.
And everything is
all about vibration.
Or as you would say, frequency.
So when we want to
bring in clients,
or we want to bring in new
opportunities in a new way,
we have to change
that within ourselves.
We have to fill up with
love, and hope, and faith
so that we can bring
in what we need.
And we will.
And then they say, you're
not doing this alone.
Human being, you're
You think you're
a sole proprietor?
Well, let us set you straight.
You have this huge committee
of guides, helpers, icons.
We're helping you.
>> REGINA: And--
>> WOMACK: It takes patience
to line everything up.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
But time is the issue
that often comes
into play in this dimension.
But I can't wait two years
for that to happen, right?
But we can.
>> WOMACK: We can, and then--
>> REGINA: And we can make
things happen in the interim.
>> WOMACK: Absolutely, and
the angels are very clear.
If you need to
keep your day job--
they give you steps.
They say, OK, well, you're
going to give up that,
but you're going to become
a contractor for this,
and this is the way
it's going to look
until you get this set up so.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I hear
what you're saying.
And the pain that is caused
around the subject of money
in general, for most
people, and the squashing
it does to our hearts
and our creativity,
is just to me-- that is the
travesty and the challenge
of Earth life.
But it can be transformed.
As you say, things
move seemingly.
Here, we are this
brilliant being
that can create at the
speed of light, and thought,
and dream time.
And you come back
into the body, and it
can take a year or two to slog
through, and create a plan
and get it done, this
whole notion of time.
>> WOMACK: It does take
patience and perseverance.
But according to
the angels, that's
serving a higher purpose.
So Saturn is the same
as Archangel Michael.
And Saturn, when Saturn is
moving through our natal chart,
it's teaching us what
we no longer need.
What is it, human being,
that you no longer need,
you no longer want?
So this patience, this
time, why things take time,
it's actually working deep,
deep down within ourselves so
that we can receive.
Human beings have a big
issue with receiving.
And that's where
money can come in too.
Either we have this kind
of grandiose illusion
that we're going to
receive buckets of gold
from the leprechauns in
heaven, or that money
is hard to come by.
And neither one of those are
truth, according to the angels.
What they say, you're here
to exchange the energy
and giftedness of your soul.
We can't just drop
it in your lap,
especially if
you're an old soul.
If you're an ancient
one, and you're creative,
and you're here to help
raise the vibration,
the angels say, we need you
to engage with humanity.
We need you to get
your hands dirty.
Roll up your sleeves.
Be engaged.
So no, we can't just
deposit a huge sum of money
in your bank account, because
then you will go to your cave,
and we can't have you do that.
So let's have both.
Let's look at what
you can receive in.
At the same time, let's look
at what you need to be sharing
that lifts you up when you
do it, and lifts humanity up,
and Schoolroom Earth-- that's
what the angels call planet
Earth--
lifts this planet
up at the same time.
>> REGINA: Totally agreed.
And also, it gives a time
of training for a person.
As this time goes on, and you
take your baby steps forward
into your new
endeavor, you have time
to practice it while you
haven't had to quite let
go of the security of the old.
And you start growing new
confidence in yourself.
It's really a very practical--
I think there's a practical
reason for the passage of time
in that sense.
You have to grow your
confidence, grow your wings,
grow your aptitudes.
Do a little trial and
error during that time
when you're trying
to grow the new
before you let go of the old.
But then of course, we
have other choices too.
We can choose to live
in a different way.
Different kind of lifestyle.
Downsize, all of that.
>> WOMACK: We can, but they
say that's not required.
And the angels, I
just have to tell you,
they're blowing you kisses,
because they love the way you
explained that with time.
And the hidden blessings
that come with this.
And they're very
grateful to you.
>> REGINA: Oh.
Well, thank you.
When I think of people
and their guide,
I always see this picture.
And I see guides and people
who are not engaging with,
not aware of-- and
even if they are,
they're not calling on
these incredible beings.
I forget to call them myself.
And I just imagine them kind
of having a smoke break.
And you put your stub out when
it looks like something might
be peeking, like, I think
they're going to ask,
I think they're going to--
ugh, missed it.
Light up another one.
Just killing time,
waiting for us to engage.
Yet at the same
time, I find it so--
as long as we're not married
to time, that what they do
is so incredibly profound.
It doesn't matter how
small or how large,
the ingenious ways in
which my guides put things
in front of me, and
help me along my path.
I'm thinking, you got me.
I would've never
figured that one out.
I would have never
gone that way.
They have a genius,
because they see
beyond all of the limitations
of our programming.
We don't.
>> WOMACK: Well, totally.
And their job is to get
the message through.
And they don't give up.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> WOMACK: At least with the
12 Archangels who work with all
of us, whether we are
aware of it or not.
They are relentless.
>> REGINA: Sometimes like
a jackhammer on the top
of the head.
>> WOMACK: Well, they say a
violet fire cast iron skillet,
but.
>> REGINA: To get bopped by one.
Well, we have some
wonderful questions
that they have put forward for
me to put forward to them, OK?
So let's go ahead and let
you take a breath or two
and connected, and
then we'll begin.
>> WOMACK: They say we are here.
>> REGINA: Welcome, and thank
you for joining us again here
in the studios, and
actually at all times.
And I want to thank you for
buzzing through to Belinda
to prompt a few
questions that I probably
wouldn't have thought to ask.
And one of them starts out with
a theme that's very simple,
which is the notion of
finding peace in these times.
It feels so frenetic
and chaotic.
And so the question is, how
does an individual living
amidst all of this, in the
most efficient way possible,
find a state of peace in
their mind, in their hearts,
and in their bodies?
>> WOMACK: Hm.
We, the 12 Archangels, say
this is a simple question.
But the answer for you human
beings can be so very complex.
The essence is gratitude.
When you get up in the
morning, if you can be grateful
that you woke up, if you can be
grateful for your hot shower,
if you can be grateful
for your breakfast,
this lifts your vibration.
And as that happens, we,
your angels, and guides,
and loved ones, the Creator
where you all come from,
can fill you with joy.
There's a little child
that lives within you,
and we see you
always as children.
And when that child
feels safe, which
is what practicing
gratitude will
do in the most simplest of
ways, you light up, you lift up,
and you calm down.
We also recommend to you
beautiful human beings, laugh!
Laugh!
There's so much to laugh about!
Even if you want
to laugh about how
crazy and ridiculous the global
movie of Schoolroom Earth
is at this time, laugh
at the ridiculousness.
And then last, but not least,
you will see 12 Archangels.
That is truly simple.
But we remind you, human
beings, breathe deeply.
Breathe as if it is your
last breath before diving
into deep water.
Breathe, and you
will experience calm.
It really is that simple.
When you take a
deep breath, fear
has no room within
your beautiful mind.
There's no room for
it because you are
filled with the holy breath.
And we encourage
you, beautiful ones,
laugh, breathe, and be thankful.
>> REGINA: Thank you
for that reminder.
It's so true.
And it's also-- as a human
that loves validation
like everybody else, I
wrote a blog on the subject
of gratitude
recently, in that it
shifts the frequencies or
the vibrations of the body
so radically.
It was a very
practical little piece
I wrote on gratitude, that it
is actually the closest thing
akin to what we call love here.
And by going into this lovely
little place of gratitude
in the mornings, it does.
It has this rapid shift
in our vibrations.
And so I want to thank you
for reminding us all of that.
I couldn't agree more, and
certainly with the breath
as well.
So that was wonderful.
We have a lot of
different subjects
that you talked to Linda
about at one point.
And so it'll seem a little
bit like we're hopping around.
So I want to ask you, do
you have anything further
to say on the subject of peace
before we switch subjects?
>> WOMACK: One more little item.
As you allow peace
to live within you,
because you are
all one, you truly
do help to manifest
peace on Earth.
You help to bring peace
where peace has been
missing for a very long time.
So we thank you.
We thank you, individual,
beautiful, divine children
for practicing peacefulness.
And hear us, that
you, each of you
are helping to bring peace
to Schoolroom Earth in ways
unimaginable.
Because where you bring
peace, we multiply that peace.
We are all working
together, beautiful beings
of light and sound.
>> REGINA: And that is also
an ancient Hermetic basis
for practice of all things
and for all knowledge.
Without a peaceful
mind, you really
can't integrate new
knowledge very well.
You can't integrate
anything very well.
We can't integrate change
without having a peaceful, calm
campus to start from.
And one of the Hermetics'
most powerful words,
and beginning words, and
ending words, is peace.
Finding that within.
So I appreciate that you're
underscoring how important it
is that if we focus
even on this one thing,
we start bringing the
planet into a higher
vibrational range.
Thank you.
And the next one is on parents.
On, before we incarnate into a
given Earth life, how and why
we choose the parents we do.
>> WOMACK: This is very
important for human beings
to understand.
Because again, each of you,
we see you as a divine child.
Your true parents are your
Higher Self, your Divine
Feminine, and your
Divine Masculine.
You choose your Earthly parents.
That egg and sperm that
is going to bring you
into this physicality.
You choose them
very, very carefully.
based on your karma.
That just means your homework.
Did you have a past
life with this soul
that you need to bring
more unconditional love
and acceptance into
this relationship?
Or perhaps you need
the genetic information
that comes from this ancestral
lineage of the mother
or of the father.
We say that the parents
that you have chosen
are God's gift to you, even if
they are really challenging.
And parents, we say
to you, the souls
that you bring in that
become your children,
this is your great blessing.
Because they are
teaching you something
that truly no other
soul can teach you.
Our message to all of
you is to find gratitude.
To find gratitude and
unconditional acceptance
for the parents,
for the children,
for the family members that
you have been blessed with.
For you are healing on a DNA,
on a genome-by-genome level.
And this is why you
choose your parents,
and you choose your
children so carefully.
From our perspective, a great
deal of humanity's heartache
comes because that child within
becomes hurt and wounded.
The parents were unable to give
that child, who's now 30, 40,
70, what that child needed.
This was all agreed
to, human beings.
It was all accepted before
you came into this life.
Because this is a schoolroom.
You chose the
parents who could not
love so that you
would learn, you
would remember to
plug into Source,
to stay within the
heart of the Creator.
And to find a
strength and courage
that you could not find if you
had parents that were perfect.
There is a reason
for everything.
You have not been victimized.
So feel your feelings
lift up the hurts,
whether you are the child,
or you are the parent.
Lift up the hurt, and put
it in the color purple.
That violet fire that
lives within your crown
chakra, the battery
on top of your head
given to you to transform
that which is less than love,
and to fill you
with forgiveness.
Forgiveness is as
powerful as gratitude.
If you want to change your life
miraculously [CLAPS] like that,
fill up with forgiveness
for those whom you have not
been able to understand.
And take the responsibility
fully that you chose them.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
My understanding
has been that we--
not every time, but
generally do follow
that DNA pool that we have
been with so we can have
a smooth continuance of
experience, or balancing,
or as you say, homework.
And so that usually, oftentimes,
this gene pool we've been in
is not always the first time
we've been in this gene pool.
We may have continued throughout
if for even generations,
sometimes, for this continuance.
>> WOMACK: Or
sometimes not, Regina.
>> REGINA: And
sometimes not, yes.
And let's talk about
the sometimes not.
Let's talk about what happens
when you have parents,
and the parents are
people who are welcoming
a child in the world, either
whether it was planned or not
planned, but that there
are certain challenges that
present themselves.
Do you often have one, two,
or three different entities
that are waiting and watching
to see which one might best
go back into, or into
for the first time,
that particular
situation or bloodline?
Or is there only one
match for a given body,
and if it doesn't
work, the baby dies?
>> WOMACK: You are very
particular about the family,
the set of genetics, again,
the egg and the sperm that you
choose to incarnate into.
The ancient souls that have
returned to Schoolroom Earth
to help hold this vibration,
and to really bring
in love and higher
consciousness,
you are extremely particular.
You plan your reentry for
usually about seven generations
prior to when you enter.
Those generations are
also carefully planned.
This is not only for
genetic purposes.
This is also so that
the subconscious,
the emotional baggage is
set up for you to transform.
So that as you transform your
seven generations of ancestry,
you do this for all of humanity.
Do the math, and
you can understand.
You can hear us
that eventually you
have every human being that has
ever walked this Earth covered.
For some, it is wow,
Schoolroom Earth
is so exciting at this time.
I want to come and help.
These are like the
firemen and women.
These are like the policemen
and women, the service
people on your planet Earth.
Well, they are also existing
within the universe,
and they hear the plea.
They hear the plea
of Schoolroom Earth.
And they say, I have
to get in there now.
I will deal with it.
And sometimes, they cannot.
We, the 12 Archangels together
with the Ascended Masters
of the White Light and
Sound of the Central Sun,
we always advise, use
caution before you
come into Schoolroom Earth.
Just like you would pick
your universities with care.
You would make sure that you are
accepted, that you are ready,
and you have the
grade, so to speak.
Now, when you rush
in, it can feel
like icy, icy water being
thrown all over you.
But we are there to
help, as are many,
many, many guardian angels.
And we recommend
to any of you who
are listening that feel
like, maybe that's me,
maybe I just came in
too quickly, because all
I seem to think about is,
how do I get out of here?
We recommend-- and please
do not laugh at us,
we are quite serious--
find the perfect
canine angel for you.
Find a dog who
will sit with you,
and ground you, and give
the child within you
a reason to be here.
Because your heart came
here with good purpose.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
There's a lot of
confusion around this.
And there's the one other--
if you don't mind answering,
because our audience
finds this interesting--
the unique situation
in which a soul
comes into the body
for x number of years,
and then realizes it's
too icy, I can't do this,
and another soul is waiting.
And they basically
make a change.
And they call this walking in.
One soul leaves, and
another walks in.
What is your take
on this phenomena?
>> WOMACK: From our perspective,
the only way that this
occurrence called walking in
happens is when a different
octave of the same soul
fabric replaces one of a lower
vibration.
You can never go
down in vibration.
And some human beings believe
that, somehow, they walked out
and someone new walked in.
And we say, the Schoolroom,
the foundation was not
established in that way.
You can take your
energy, and you
can project it into a baseball.
That you can do.
You can ride through the
skies with a beautiful hawk,
or eagle.
But you do not flip
in and out of bodies
like turning on a light
switch and turning it off.
The closest to this is if
there is a very major organ
transplant in your
physical body.
Let us say that there
is a heart transplant.
Well, then you
really are bringing
in some of the
soul essence, some
of the chi of that
human being who
has bequeathed their organ to
you so that they can leave.
But this was all agreed on
in the realms of heaven.
So we say that it
is rare altogether.
>> REGINA: Right.
Right.
That's my understanding.
>> WOMACK: Very,
very, very rare.
There is many
levels of approval,
for good reason, why
this must happen,
because this is a school.
So if you believe--
if any of your
listeners, your audience,
believes that they
are a walk in,
we want to reassure them
that, please, be grounded.
Honor the parents that
gave birth to you.
And understand
that it could be--
this is a planet
of choice, we're
not telling you what
to believe-- but it
could be that you
have gone through such
a beautiful vibrational
shift that you just think,
perhaps I'm a completely
different person.
We leave that for you to
reflect on, beautiful beings.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
You have also
mentioned that there
is a unique relationship
between mothers
and sons on this planet.
Can you elaborate on that?
>> WOMACK: Mothers and
sons, we would like to say,
without exception have been
lovers in another life.
And there was an abandonment.
Usually, the son
abandoned the mother.
And this abandonment caused
the human heart to shatter
in a zillion, million,
trillion pieces.
So why?
Why would a mother say, I will
bring this lover in and allow
him to break my heart again?
Because this is what happens
between a mother and a son,
oftentimes accidentally.
The son worships the mother.
And then the mother
must set boundaries.
is the worst thing
that ever happened
in the son's life.
The gift here is for the mother.
This is an opportunity
for the mother
to hear it was not her
fault. The abandonment
in the other life
was not her fault.
And it is time for
her to mend her heart
with the help of her Higher
Self, and her angels,
and guides.
Because here is the beauty.
And we have tears
running down our faces--
yes, angels cry-- when a
mother heals her human heart
by truly surrendering her son to
his own soul, his own journey,
and seeing clearly
that it is not
her fault, this abandonment.
That her heart can be
healed and filled with love,
an unconditional
love for this son.
And even more
importantly, for herself.
She heals the hearts
of all mothers.
>> REGINA: That's very powerful.
And while we're on
that subject of lovers
and intimate relationships,
you feel, or you say,
that this is one of
the most efficient,
the most profound ways
of our own evolution
is the way in which we serve
as mirrors for one another.
>> WOMACK: When two human
beings fall in love,
or even when they fall in lust
because they do not know what
love is yet, that partner
is reflecting back to them
their beauty, their
passion, their life essence.
And it works both ways.
The pain comes in when
one of the personalities
is not as evolved as the other.
The souls are in alignment.
The hearts feel the love,
because hearts always will.
If you were to ask
Belinda this question,
she would tell you she
falls in love with everyone.
And she really does.
It does not replace her
husband, we would like to add.
But that falling in love,
that just loving everyone
is a beautiful experience.
And so we say to you, try it.
But let us say that
you have fallen in love
with a significant other.
And it is real love this time.
It works as a plunger to
bring up the wounded child.
What do we mean by this?
It brings up all
the unworthiness,
all the fear of
abandonment, all the
fear that you will be rejected.
But this is really
your own stuff.
Your own shtick,
as some of you say.
You see, you are experts
at abandoning and rejecting
yourselves, feeling not good
enough, not worthy enough.
And there's nothing like true
love, real love to purge this
up and out of you.
And we say out of you,
beautiful human being.
Let it go.
When you are in a
relationship, whether that
is new, developing, or 5,000
lifetimes in the making,
and you feel those old feelings
of unworthiness come up,
and maybe I'm not good enough,
maybe he won't call me back,
maybe he doesn't feel
the same, maybe she
says all of this to her lovers.
Release it.
Give it to us.
We're here.
We are here.
We love to take your
garbage, human beings.
We take it in our hands,
we put it in our hearts,
and we transform it into love,
and then we fill you with it.
It is your own energy.
You see, we are the recyclers
of human emotion and thought.
This is why your relationships
are so very potent.
And we're speaking to you
of a romantic relationship.
This is true if it is a
casual business colleague.
If that person is
pushing your buttons,
thank her or him, because
this is your opportunity
to release it, let
it go, and grow.
What does growth give you?
It gives you freedom,
human beings.
It gives you abundance.
It really, really truly does.
>> REGINA: That's a lot
of profound information.
And one of the
words that came up
that it seems like it's
an epidemic on this planet
is this incredible feeling
of, or fear of abandonment.
>> WOMACK: It is the
number one human fear.
It is the fear that controls
you from your root chakra on up.
And it is the fear that
creates separation among you.
Separation in your
social economic tribes.
It is what creates
wars, injustice, abuse.
It all comes down to
the fear of abandonment.
And the ultimate
abandonment, that button
that is triggered when
a lover is not secure,
when that ego does not feel
like he or she is totally
in control, the
button that is pushed
is that God has abandoned you.
Perhaps there is no Creator.
Perhaps there is no Divine
Oneness, no Mother Father
God, no Source.
Why has God forsaken
me if my lover is not
returning my text messages,
we hear often these days.
But we say this is an
opportunity for healing.
For, as you lift up
that fear of abandonment
that your Creator can abandon
you-- which is a great lie.
You never leave the Creator.
And if a lover has
stepped out of your movie,
we say that in a short time,
you will agree with us--
you always do--
that that was a great blessing.
Wow.
Thank goodness he
didn't stick around.
And we say to you, why
go into this guilt?
Here, we don't care if
you've had 25 marriages.
When you meet the
right one, that
is the only marriage
that counts.
And that is truly
what was intended
in the original Judeo-Christian
Ten Commandments.
We do not wish to get into
a discussion of religion.
We make a point.
The ultimate fear,
beautiful human beings,
is your fear of abandonment.
And that the Creator, Mother
Father God has rejected you.
And we say this is impossible.
Lift up your fear
of abandonment.
Put it in the color purple
so that it can be forgiven.
And ask us, ask Source,
ask your own soul,
to fill you with trust in you.
Trust that it is impossible
to leave the heart of God.
And faith, complete
and total faith,
in your complete and
total lovability.
Because we say to you, oh, oh
my precious, precious child
of God.
You are so very lovable.
>> REGINA: And when we begin
this process and allow these
feelings to start bubbling
up that manifest from--
they appear to be
fear of abandonment--
then all the subconscious
from generations
bubbles up behind it.
And you believe that
it is good for us
to essentially investigate,
even excavate our own interior
blind spots and subconscious.
And I ask you, how do you
feel we best accomplish this?
Is this through third
party regression?
Is it simply by allowing it
to bubble up and feel it,
and simply recognize and
be open enough to recognize
what we're being shown?
How do we do this best?
>> WOMACK: Hm.
We wish to share with you
a very, very short version
of our most recent tool
that we have given Belinda
that we love.
We get so excited
about this, Regina.
And we call it a DNA Scrub.
You just close your eyes.
You breathe.
You find the child within you.
You visualize a beautiful
violet fire ocean.
This is the energy of
transformation and forgiveness.
The ocean is filled
with gold sparkly stars.
Your ancestors welcome you.
Your past life
selves welcome you.
They're already
out in the ocean,
together with the 12 Archangel
kingdoms of the Central Sun.
Many, many, many
Ascended Masters gather.
And we welcome you to
come out into the ocean
and swim like a dolphin.
And as you do, you just say,
I release my fear of fear.
I release my fear that if I am
not afraid, I will be harmed.
We give you this because it
is the most ridiculous, most
potent, most viral fear of all.
The fear that if you are not
afraid, you will not be safe.
And then many, many other
fears, beliefs, wounds, hurts,
baggage will come up.
A simple mantra,
just an intention.
I give all of this back
to the Central Sun.
I give it all back
to my Creator.
Choose your word for
God, beloved ones.
And you will see the
ocean change color.
And once it becomes
golden and white,
and all the colors
of the rainbow
fill up with this healing
love, and watch your movie,
your reality change
immediately, because you see,
you are a vessel.
And where there is fear,
there is the ability
to attract in negative
less-than-heavenly experiences.
And when you are
clear and filled
with love, what you
attract in, beloved beings,
is heaven on Earth.
And this is your birthright.
Let it go, that old baggage.
What you don't
understand is that 90%
of what you are using to
create your lives is baggage.
Let it go.
Work with new material.
Work with the material of
love, beautiful beings.
Move beyond any
conspiracy theories,
and find your power
to manifest the life
that you deserve to live.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
One of the issues we also
have that comes under somewhat
of the same heading
is that there
seems to be an imbalance,
oftentimes, in our lives.
We seem to compensate
for giving and receiving
of affection, love, loving
attention to one another.
And oftentimes in relationships,
we actually make the excuse
that it's symbiotic.
You have a beloved and a lover.
You have a giver and a taker.
But it seems all it does
is keep us in this trap
where the giver can't learn to
define themselves and stand up
for themselves,
and the taker can't
learn how to fulfill
themselves, because they've
been given so much.
And this giving-taking cycle is
not symbiotic, it seems to me.
It's actually
keeping us in a trap.
We need to both give
and receive, you say.
Learn to give and
receive with grace.
>> WOMACK: To break through this
painful pattern in relationship
that many of you
call codependency,
where one is sacrificing for the
other, to break through that,
we speak to the caregiver.
We speak to the caretaker.
We speak to those who sacrifice.
We say to you that
there is a fear
deep down within your
molecules that you
are afraid to be a taker.
It really is that you
What do we do with fear,
beautiful human students?
We give it back to the
Central Sun, the heart of God.
We can put it in violent fire
so it can be transformed.
And we forgive it.
It is fear.
It is illusion.
That is your first step.
Release the fear that
you will ever be a taker.
Step two is to call on the
Divine Mother, the Divine
Feminine.
If you feel more comfortable,
call on Mother Gaia herself.
Mother Earth will
serve you well.
And ask the feminine to fill
you with her ability to receive.
The ability to
receive is the power
to attract in, in
loving ways, what it is
that you need and you desire.
You see, in every human being--
you may not know this, so
we're excited to tell you,
to remind you.
In every human being, there
is a child who wants to give.
Now, if that giving child has
been rejected over and over,
then that child becomes a taker.
If you want to know the formula
of what creates a taker, what
creates a narcissist,
what creates
a super ego-centered
focused person who does not
have the ability to think
or care about anyone else,
it starts with a child
who tried to give.
And their giving was
rejected over and over.
Surrender that
taker to our care.
We have ways to help the
taker through helping
the child within.
But you, the giver, we say to
you, everyone wants to give.
And every giver
needs a receiver.
It is like making
love, is it not?
You do not know how
to receive if you
have practice sacrificing
yourself for everyone else.
Honor this.
Come with us.
Step within a
beautiful ruby fountain
of Divine Mother's love energy.
Allow that ruby deliciousness--
it tastes like strawberry--
to fill you.
And to say thank you, thank
you, thank you, Divine Mother,
for receiving
through me, for me,
that which will restore balance
in my human everyday life.
It comes with 100% 12
Archangel guarantee, folks.
Try it, and bring
balance to your life,
and balance to your
beautiful Mother Earth.
She is one of us,
Archangel Gaia,
and she knows how to
help you to receive.
>> REGINA: Hm.
Thank you, and I have
one final question.
And it has to do with the
genuine role and function
of the heart, and its ability
to really truly uplift
not only ourselves,
but collectively,
and the planet itself.
Gaia herself.
The role of the heart.
>> WOMACK: Regina.
May we do a meditation
with your audience?
A very quick one?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> WOMACK: Beloved human beings,
please close your eyes and take
a deep breath.
And focus on your breathing.
Feel the gentle rise
and fall of your chest.
Find the beautiful child
that lives within you.
If you need help, just
think of a photo of yourself
at a very young age.
Now, there are huge doors
right on your human heart.
And on the count
of three, together
with the 12 Archangels, we're
going to open those doors
and we're going to
let the sorrow out.
One, two, three.
Open, open, open.
And breathe.
And say within, I
send all of the sorrow
in my heart from any lifetime,
and from any childhood,
and any sorrow from my
ancestors, or family members,
or friends, or
clients, that I carry,
I send it back to the
Central Sun right now.
And in exchange, Central Sun,
heart of God, fill me with joy.
I give you my sorrow.
I call back my joy.
Repeat, beautiful beings.
Yes, I call back my joy.
I call back the happiest
childhood I could ever
dream of to begin right now.
Go forth and experience the
power of your new heart.
You see, together with the
help of your Higher Self,
we have upped your
heart chakra so that you
can receive with trust and joy.
We thank you, thank
you, thank you, Regina,
for this wonderful
opportunity to commune
with you and with humanity.
We must go now.
>> REGINA: Thank you very much.
Until next time.
We're all sending our gratitude.
>> WOMACK: They
actually never leave.
It's just that my brain has
to have a bit of a break.
>> REGINA: Yes, of course.
Honey, we're out of time.
And we send you our energy,
our love, our gratitude
for bringing through such
beautiful and profound
information for us today.
And so for now, we'll say
goodbye until the next time.
Thank you.
>> WOMACK: You're welcome.
>> REGINA: Once again, it's
always a joy to hear from these
wise and loving presences.
We'll pick it up again
for another interview,
another chat, in
another few months.
For a personal interaction
with the 12 Archangels,
you can go to BelindaWomack.com.
Also, her lovely book, "Lessons
from the 12 Archangels,"
is incredibly useful
and uplifting.
You might want to
check that out.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Opens Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]